README.md, before:

# Freeboard dashboard integration for Node-RED

## Overview

This is a patched version of [urbiworx/node-red-contrib-freeboard](https://github.com/urbiworx/node-red-contrib-freeboard) v0.0.7; see also the [Node-RED library link](https://flows.nodered.org/node/node-red-contrib-freeboard). The applied patches to the original sources are documented [here](docs/nodered-freeboard_setup_and_usage.md).

## Copyright

(C) 2021, MarvinX, https://github.com/MarvinX.

## License

Apache Version 2.0, see [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file. <br>
The included Freeboard package is licensed under [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license. 


## Credits

Based on [urbiworx/node-red-contrib-freeboard](https://github.com/urbiworx/node-red-contrib-freeboard). <br>
Uses [Freeboard](https://github.com/Freeboard/freeboard) dashboard. <br>
Includes the custom Freeboard [RAG-widget](https://github.com/leon-van-dongen/freeboard-widget-rag).

## Installation, setup and basic usage

A step-by-step instruction for installing Node.js, Node-RED, Freeboard and the original/unpatched nodered/freeboard addon can be found in [docs/nodered-freeboard_setup_and_usage](docs/nodered-freeboard_setup_and_usage.md). When using this repo, then you can skip the manual patching steps described in section "Install Node-RED/freeboard extension" of the step-by-step instruction. 

## Misc

This repository includes the Github sources of the self-hosted [Freeboard](https://github.com/Freeboard/freeboard) dashboard from master branch 38789f6 of 7 Mar 2018.

The included Freeboard [RAG-widget](freeboard-widget-rag-files) is based on master branch c998136
on 30 Jun 2015 from https://github.com/leon-van-dongen/freeboard-widget-rag.

Commit message:

Added technical notes to docs/. Fixed polling behavior and API paths.

README.md, after:

# Freeboard dashboard integration for Node-RED

## Overview

This is a patched version of [urbiworx/node-red-contrib-freeboard](https://github.com/urbiworx/node-red-contrib-freeboard) v0.0.7; see also the [Node-RED library link](https://flows.nodered.org/node/node-red-contrib-freeboard). The applied patches to the original sources are documented [here](docs/nodered-freeboard_setup_and_usage.md).

## Copyright

(C) 2021, MarvinX, https://github.com/MarvinX.

## License

Apache Version 2.0, see [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file. <br>
The included Freeboard package is licensed under [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license. 


## Credits

Based on [urbiworx/node-red-contrib-freeboard](https://github.com/urbiworx/node-red-contrib-freeboard). <br>
Uses [Freeboard](https://github.com/Freeboard/freeboard) dashboard. <br>
Includes the custom Freeboard [RAG-widget](https://github.com/leon-van-dongen/freeboard-widget-rag).

## Installation, setup and basic usage

A step-by-step instruction for installing Node.js, Node-RED, Freeboard and the original/unpatched nodered/freeboard addon can be found in [docs/nodered-freeboard_setup_and_usage](docs/nodered-freeboard_setup_and_usage.md). When using this repo, then you can skip the manual patching steps described in section "Install Node-RED/freeboard extension" of the step-by-step instruction. 

## Technical notes

Technical details about the implementation of nodered-freeboard addon and interaction between Node-RED dataservice and Freeboard dashboard can be found in [docs/nodered-freeboard_internals](docs/nodered-freeboard_internals.md).

## Misc

This repository includes the Github sources of the self-hosted [Freeboard](https://github.com/Freeboard/freeboard) dashboard from master branch 38789f6 of 7 Mar 2018.

The included Freeboard [RAG-widget](freeboard-widget-rag-files) is based on master branch c998136
on 30 Jun 2015 from https://github.com/leon-van-dongen/freeboard-widget-rag.
